This text file will explain the features that exist behind each page of the web application.

LAYOUT PAGE (layout.html)
    This layout page, which is the foundation for the design of all the pages in the website, is used mainly to carry two features. The first feature is the top navbar, which holds the name of the website, along with clickable links to the other pages of the application. If a user is not logged in, there will be two links to the right of the navbar to allow the user to register for an account or log in to an existing one. If a user is logged in, the right side of the navbar will contain a "Welcome, !" message to indicate that they are logged in, and then a link to be able to log the user out of the website. At the bottom of the page are the credits and link to where all the information about the ski resorts was taken from (OpenSkiMap).

INDEX PAGE (index.html)
    This page mainly holds purpose in the use of aesthetics and redirecting users to other pages. When users open the website, they are met with a introduction phrase layerd on top of a picture to introduce the general idea of the website. Below that contains more basic information about the purpose of the website, and then a search bar for user to type in a specific mountain that they might like to add to their checklist. At the very bottom of the page are three clickable cards which redirect the user to the different pages of the website: map, search, and checklist.

MAP PAGE (map.html)
    This page mainly contains an interactive map with markers showing the locations of each of the ski resorts in upper New England. The map itself comes from the Leaflet API, which is an open-source JavaScript and CSS library that allows for the display of a map and its markers. Thus, the code itself can be found inside the "script.js" file, which takes the coordinate geometry information from the "skiing_ares.geojson" file and then displays each location with a marker labelled with the ski resort's name. More information about the API and its documentation can be found here: https://leafletjs.com/

SEARCH PAGE (search.html)
    This page contains the list of all the ski resorts and its corresponding information that a user can look for. To help with the amount of ski resorts that are listed, there are many filtering and advanced searching features that can be used to help the user look for a certain resort. For example, on the left side of the page, there are multiple input fields that allow for the filtering of certain information about the resorts, which is done by taking the user's input and filtering through the "skiing.db" databse using such filters and then displaying it back to the user. Along with that, there is a search bar on the page that is identical to the one on the index page, allowing for users to search for a certain ski resort. Each ski resort will recieve a box with its name and basic information (min/max elevations, number of trails, region), and a button that will allow the user to add a resort to their personalized checklist.

CHECKLIST PAGE (checklist.html)
    When the user clicks the "Add to checklist" button in the search page, they will be redirected to their own checklist page, where the resorts that the user adds will be displayed here. Each resort is displayed with an accordion item, which the user can expand to find certain features in the checklist. The user will be able to check off whether or not they have skied the mountain, and also input a comment into the comment box if they find anything to say after skiing the mountain. There is a save button to the right of the comment box which allows the user to save the comment that they wrote in the box, and will be displayed when the user revisits the page. Along with that, there is a button to allow the user to remove the certain resort from the checklist. Please note that in order for the user to access the checklist page, they must be logged in. If a user is not logged in to an account, they will be redirected to the login page.

LOGIN PAGE (login.html)
    The login page allows the user to log into an account, which is mainly for their own personalized checklist. When a user submits the login form, it will query through the "users" table in the "skiing.db" database to look for any information that is stored with what was inputted by the user. If successful, the user will be redirected to the homepage with a welcome message to the right of the navbar, indicating that the user is logged in to a username. If unsuccessful, an error message will be given with its reason. Style-wise, the page contains the login box itself, layered above a picture of skiing.

REGISTER PAGE (register.html)
    The register page allows the user to create an account for the website, where they are asked to input a unique username and password, and confirm the password they typed in. If successful, the user will then be redirected to the homepage of the website, automatically logged in with their account credentials. Here, the application will have added a row to the "users" table in the "skiing.db" database, storing the user's inputted username and hashed password, along with giving the account a unique user id. If unsuccessful, an error message will be displayed, prompting the user to try again.

skiing.db, helpers.py, skiing_areas.geojson
    This information can be found inside the README.md file 
